I've kept this under my hat for weeks, but I can now tell you what's going on.
I earn enough money to live well, but the other side of the coin is the stress of the job.
It's time to make up your mind! Either start helping the other tenants with the housework or find somewhere else to live!
Setting up a business is easier said than done. There's always a lot to do.
You'll be on thin ice if you agree to an interview and have to be very careful about what you say.
I couldn't have explained it more precisely. You hit the nail on the head.
I shouldn't have to explain my reason to leave. It goes without saying that this company is getting worse by the day.
We will leave no stone unturned as we look for a way to end the fighting.
You cannot put the future of the business in jeopardy by reckless action. We must deal with this issue carefully.
Your expectations are unrealistic, so stop your crying for the moon and get real!
You shouldn't promise wonders if you can't deliver them. Just be honest with people.
He tells everyone he's a self-made man, but I know he had a lot of financial help from his family.
This is no time to shed blood! Too many have died already, and it is time for peace talks.
My life has been filled with ups and downs, but is becoming more settled as I get older.
I've never taken my health for granted and do all I can to stay fit.
Craig's lack of experience often puts him at a disadvantage when working with older people.
At the moment, this is the best camera on the market at this price.
I'm finally saving some money, little by little. I'm putting a small amount into my bank account each week.
I know it's not fair, but we often have a laugh at George's expense. He does some strange things around the office.
We can take a walk in the park later, if you like.
We must win this contract at all costs, even if we have to lie.
How could you not have heard me? I was shouting at the top of my voice.
Detectives hid in the store for hours, hoping to catch the suspect red-handed.
We've searched high and low for this book, in every bookshop in the city.
The taxi will be here at eight o'clock without fail. They've never let me down.
Bacteria are too small to be seen with the naked eye.
After a week of mild weather, winter returned with a vengeance yesterday.
The boss will be gnashing his teeth in anger when he reads this report.
I can't get a loan because I am a hundred pounds in the red with my bank.
I hear that Ron and Sylvia are going through a bad patch and not speaking to each other.
When I saw you'd brought champagne, I knew you were a man after my own heart. It's my favourite drink.
Don't make a decision in haste. Think it over for a few days.
He's a real computer freak and knows them inside out, so he'll be able to repair my laptop.
You'll have to talk to Peter and make amends for what you did. It would be sad to lose him as a friend.
Any news would ease my mind. I'll be anxious until I hear from them.
Her only ray of hope is the new medication. Nothing else has helped.
I'm sorry, but the book you want is out of print. You might find a copy online.
Turn that music down! It's getting on my nerves and I can hardly think!
This song has been on my brain since I heard it this morning and I can't stop whistling it.
Travelling into the city centre from Monday to Friday is just one of the disadvantages of working in the rat race. I feel like a machine these days.
What can I say so you get the message? I don't want to go out with you!
Not wearing a seat belt is asking for trouble in the event of an accident.
I'd like to pay tribute to Gerald by saying how much we've appreciated his loyalty over the years.
Supermarkets buy products in bulk to get the lowest price possible.
I'll give you a ring later today, so make sure your phone is on.
We plan to change from being a seasonal hotel to being open all year round.
It was so quick. One moment I felt fine, and all of a sudden I had awful stomach pain.
You're wrong about my not liking Ross. As a matter of fact, we've been good friends since school.
Forget about that money you owe me. Just buy me a couple of beers and we'll be quits.
These pictures are being shown by courtesy of CNN.
The series was filmed on location in Sweden.
I hate to see good food go to waste, so please take some home with you.
We had planned a quiet time at home but decided on impulse to spend the day at the seaside.
There's no instruction book, so we'll have to figure out the solution intuitively by trial and error.
It's really rude to snap your fingers to get a waiter's attention, as sometimes happens in films.
Mark didn't get the job because he let something slip about his health problems during the final interview.
She heaved a sigh of relief when she heard she wouldn't be losing her job.
Mark's under the illusion that he will become a team manager, but I know differently.
Horror films aren't my cup of tea. I prefer romantic comedies.
Donald made a fool of himself by challenging the boss to a fight in the car park to settle an argument.
I expected to meet only financiers, but there were people from all walks of life.
The ambulance crew tried in vain to revive the victim, and he died at the scene of the accident.
They were rolling in money until the financial crash and had several foreign holidays a year. Now they're unemployed.
Please confirm your offer in writing by the end of next week. Here is our postal address.
Getting a bank loan was the lesser of two evils. We couldn't bear to sell the house.
I'd always wanted to be a writer, so getting a job on the local paper was a dream come true.
I don't have a clue where she left her book. Why do expect me to know?
The heavyweight title is about to change hands for the third time this year.
The press are putting pressure on the minister to resign by publishing a series of critical articles.
Hi, I'm Nathan, but you can call me Nat for short.
Never throw away your notes, because they may later come in handy for revision.
The report sets out the proposals in black and white, so there's no chance of any confusion.
In some countries, you can bypass red tape by offering a bribe to get what you want from the government.
You might get a lesser punishment if you plead guilty and stop denying the charge.
Today is my red-letter day! I've been promoted!
Tom can never stop once he starts and drinks till he sees pink elephants. He often falls over with a glass in his hand.
It was hilarious! My aunt thought the DVD was about tourism, but it was a blue movie featuring three naked couples on a sunny beach.
The victim was literally beaten black and blue and needed medical attention for severe bruising.
Mary is not happy with her marriage. It's a dead-end relationship, according to her close friends.
I'm taking the soft option and staying in my present job. I'm too old for change.
It's getting harder to keep the reporters at bay. They'll get the information sooner or later.
The party was a disaster! I was left stranded with a boring guy who talked about nothing but fishing and nobody came to rescue me.
The boss is always telling me what to do and I'm not allowed to do anything on my own account.
The timing of the race couldn't be better for Simpson, who is at his best and certain to win.
Our holiday plans are still up in the air but we'll have to decide soon on a destination.
Which wine to drink with a meal is always a bone of contention in our house and the arguments can become quite heated.
That name rings a bell. Wasn't he the guy who got really drunk at our party?
We still have plenty of time but let's leave now, just in case. There might be a lot of traffic.
Some of our furniture is looking out of date. The sofa looks like something from the seventies.
My friends are trying to get me to agree to a blind date with a guy they think I'll like, but at the moment I don't even know his name.
I've got to ask the boss if I can take a day off to visit my mother in hospital.
Let's call it a day. We're tired and hungry and need to stop work and go home.
To everybody's relief, he returned safe and sound after driving through the storm.
Police warn that an escaped prisoner is still at large in the Liverpool area. He was last seen in the city centre.
She wants to participate in decisions that influence the local community and likes to have a finger in every pie, including several charities and sports clubs.
At first sight, he seems to be a very competent person, but you'll see his faults when you get to know him.
My boss wanted me to work weekends, but I put my foot down and refused to agree.
Better security procedures are to be put in force early next week.
I thought the issue was unimportant but Mary made a fuss and talked about it for hours.
Don't invite Jeffrey to the party. He has no sense of humour, no conversation and is a total wet blanket.
I have to learn this poem by heart. How can I memorize so many verses in three days?
By all means come and see me when you've made up your mind.
We must settle this issue once and for all and move on to the next stage of the project.
The coffee machine is out of order again. When will it be repaired?
I'll explain this again for the sake of those who missed the first lesson.
We can take a shortcut through the park to save time.
I thought Jed was serious when he told me he'd bought a Rolls Royce, but he was only pulling my leg. He bought a Ford.
Stop beating about the bush and tell me straight! What's the problem?
The new mp3 players are selling like hot cakes and we'll soon have to order some more.
I'm thinking about taking a gap year before I go to university, and spending the break working abroad.
The boss is in a really bad mood. He must have got up on the wrong side of the bed.
I pretend that everything is okay, but I'm whistling in the dark. I know I have a lot of problems needing to be dealt with urgently.
You'd have to be a cold fish not to cry at the end of the film I saw yesterday.
The money we've received from the local council is a drop in the ocean. We have to find a great deal more funding.
I hear that Mark has finally popped the question and will marry Jane next year.
I was so nervous about asking Jean for a date that I chickened out and started talking about furniture design instead.
I've never seen Helen so happy. She's been on cloud nine since she met Michael.
Trevor can be quite impatient and occasionally rude, but he's a good guy at heart.
You're simply suggesting figures at random. I need to know exactly how much and why!
Please try to organise days off in advance and not ask for permission at such short notice.
I need to have all my tools at my fingertips. I hate losing time by looking for things in other places.
We hate changing our plans at the eleventh hour, just before we set off on a trip.
She can sit with her friend for hours doing nothing but shooting the breeze!
You'll have to use this office for the time being, until we've prepared a bigger one for you.
I couldn't finish this work in a month of Sundays. It's too much for one person and I'll need help.
Most of his jokes were in bad taste. Several members of the audience walked out in disgust.
It's a tough decision. I'm in two minds about buying a house because our flat is really nice.
My favourite radio programme is on the air right now, so please call later.
That radio programme you recommended was halfway through when it suddenly went off the air. How did it end?
I've checked in the warehouse, but that kettle is out of stock. Would you like me to order it?
I'm sorry to throw you in at the deep end without any training, but I'm sure you'll be able to do it.
The city centre is worlds apart from the quiet village I used to live in.
This problem is the tip of the iceberg. There is worse to come in the near future.
I'll buy new bikes for the kids, come what may. Nothing will stop me getting them.
First and foremost, we need better sleeping bags when camping in October. The tent is good enough.
I know it's hard to come to terms with a death in the family, but you have to accept it and move on.
Boxing Day is so called because visiting Christmas guests packed their presents on this day before returning home after the festivities.
I'm getting too old to paint the town red these days, but I did go out on wild nights of drinking and dancing in my twenties.
His arrogant attitude really puts my back up. I can't stand the way he treats us.
David told the boss exactly what he thought of him. He isn't afraid to call a spade a spade.
We've not much money coming in, so we'd better put the brakes on dining out and eat at home instead.
The room fell silent as we waited for the results with bated breath.
I've been eating fast food all week and I really need a square meal like granny used to cook.
Some give-and-take will be needed if we are to agree on a way forward.
My trainer put me through hell to get me ready for the race. It was hard, but worth it.
I don't like it when someone asks me to give them five. I prefer an old-fashioned handshake or a pat on the back.
Your reasoning simply doesn't hold water. You're completely wrong on every point.
He offered me hush money to keep quiet, but I refused it and reported the matter to the police.
I'm going to win the race and make all my critics eat their words.
I forgot to lock the bathroom door and my mum saw me in my birthday suit as I was getting out of the bath.
I was extremely surprised when the boss asked me to take the floor and talk about the new factory. The conference room was full of experts.
Mick is the spitting image of one of our teachers. He even wears similar clothes.
I've been up since the crack of dawn. The birds were still asleep when I got out of bed.
We won't get lost. I've been here many times and know the area like the back of my hand.
Everyone else got drunk but I left the party as sober as a judge.
I'm sticking my neck out in supporting you. I hope you appreciate the risks I'm taking on your behalf.
Jeff tends to fly off the handle if you criticize his work. He usually shouts and throws things around the room.
I understand. There's no need to labour the point for another five minutes.
This guy is said to be a big noise in drug trafficking. The police have been after him for a long time.
You'll have to burn rubber if you want to catch that train, but be careful of the traffic police. They hand out big fines to speeding motorists.
Nobody gives a toss what you think. You lost our respect months ago.
We quickly spent all the money we won at the casino. Never mind! Easy come, easy go!
Keep your fingers crossed for me! I'll need all the luck I can get.
He's the best person for the job, without a shadow of a doubt. Selecting another would be a serious mistake.
Colin's getting the promotion was a foregone conclusion. He's the president's son, so we knew how it would go.
It will save all of us time if you get straight to the point. We don't need every little detail.
They all seem nice, but any one of them would stab you in the back to get what they want. You shouldn't trust them.
The exam was dead easy! I thought it was going to be hard.
I had no experience in this field, so I knew the solution would be a tough nut to crack.
The quality of the paintwork is not up to scratch. The customers expect better than this.
It's great to see you back on your feet after your long illness. I see you're already busy in the garden.
Our house is in the middle of nowhere with no neighbours for miles around. We like peace and quiet.
The restaurant does well even though it's off the beaten track. We've got lost a few times trying to get there.
That new guy is always picking my brains. Doesn't he have any ideas of his own?
I haven't spoken French for years, so it's still a bit rusty. I hope to remember more as the days go by.
This might be difficult at first, but you'll quickly get the hang of it and be able to operate the machine by yourself.
Her name was on the tip of my tongue all through the meeting, but I remembered after she'd left.
How could such an important date have slipped your mind? You should remember your anniversary.
I didn't mean to offend her but my slip of the tongue reminded her of the hard time she's having.
I've shot myself in the foot by demanding a pay rise. I'll probably lose my job.
Try not to rock the boat regarding this issue. Just agree with the boss and wait to see how things develop.
I think you've missed the point. This is about loyalty and not about money.
I'll pay for the meal! I've been loaded since I sold my flat and still have plenty in the bank.
I don't need a backseat driver. I can navigate these roundabouts without your help.
Jed has always been a slowcoach. He'll take twice as long as someone else to finish a job.
This novel was so thrilling that I read it from cover to cover in one evening.
Seeing this film is a must! Everyone says they're glad they watched it.
He doesn't care just how much his cutting remarks upset his victims. They're often simply vicious.
We need to get to the root of the problem. We know the results, but how does the problem start?
Mike is a man of few words. He only speaks when he feels he must.
I can't give up now. I have to keep my nose to the grindstone and get this finished. Then I'll be able to relax.
My hands are tied on this matter. I can't say anything about it until after the minister speaks later today.
Maria has a sharp tongue at times and many are surprised at how bluntly she can express an opinion.
Don't start talking about how much trouble Dan caused us last year. Let sleeping dogs lie, and say nothing.
I have acted in good faith, believing that my efforts were in the best interests of everyone.
Tell him he can't have his cake and eat it! If he wants to live here, he has to pay!
Mike's not very sociable but, to give him his due, you can always count on him.
She's always poking her nose into other people's business.
I'll be back in few minutes. In the interim, please read the extract from the novel.
The trip was marvellous. We had a great time and the whole experience whetted our appetite for further travel.
John told me he'd given up drinking for good, but he had a couple of beers in the pub this afternoon.
They put salt in his tea just for a laugh but he didn't find it at all funny.
If you make a mistake, you'll have to start from scratch and go through the whole process again.
Julie cried her eyes out when her cat died. She's very fond of all her pets.
I'm on the road a lot in my new job and drive about a thousand miles a week.
I hear that David and Eleanor have settled their differences and got back together, so all's well that ends well.
Bill won the race against all odds. Not even his trainer thought he had a chance of getting gold.
I will not let you go to France on your own. It's out of the question, so there's no point in arguing with me.
Jerry wants me to give him a hand again tomorrow. He's always asking for help these days.
In a nutshell, I'm sick of your complaining. I can't say it any simpler than that.
The letter came totally out of the blue. I didn't expect to hear from him ever again.
Jenny has a sharp tongue at times. She'll tell you honestly what she thinks, so try not to upset her.
You're playing with fire by doing business with Leonard. His last partner lost thousands of pounds in a few weeks.
I'd hate to be in your shoes when your mother hears about what you've done. You'll be in serious trouble.
This restaurant is rather expensive but the food is out of this world. I've never had a better curry.
Try to get there dead on time. There's no point arriving early and hanging around, but the boss hates people being late.
I'll go through the instructions with you step by step so you don't damage anything. It's better to proceed slowly and carefully.
We have to put a stop to employees stealing things from the warehouse. We're losing a lot of money.
Angela promised to give me a buzz this afternoon but she still hasn't called. Perhaps she has no credit on her phone.
I thought the repair would be difficult but it was a piece of cake. It only took twenty minutes.
Somebody spilled the beans about my plans. Now everyone knows what I'm going to do.
I'm not surprised he's overweight. He eats like a horse and has chips with almost every meal.
I'll sleep like a log tonight after chopping all this wood. I'm exhausted.
Your crocodile tears don't fool me. You're making yourself cry to get my sympathy.
Derek has been on top of the world since he met Fiona. I've never seen him so happy.
It never crossed my mind that he was in love with me. Everyone says it's obvious.
We're throwing a party for Jim's birthday next week, so we have a lot to do to get everything ready.
I'd be out of my mind to agree to such a ridiculous proposition. Common sense tells me to refuse the offer.
Bob gets a bit lonely at times, but he's cheerful enough most of the time.
It seems we're in the same boat. Both divorced and neither of us has a job.
Don't take everything Clive says to heart. A lot of what he says shouldn't be treated seriously by anyone.
Stop complaining to the boss or you'll get the sack. How could you survive without a job?
Please tell me exactly what's going on. I can't read your mind, and I need to know if you want me to help.
He's taking you for a ride! He can't afford to pay you as much as he's promised.
How can I take you seriously? You don't call for months and suddenly want to take me on holiday.
Get a move on! We'll miss the start of the film if we don't hurry.
James went to pieces when Sarah left him and had to have medication and psychiatric help to help him recover.
My parents hit the roof when I told them that I'd failed three of my exams. My dad has never been so angry with me.
You seem upset. Have you had words with your boyfriend again about his drinking?
The suspect killed the unarmed guard in cold blood and took the money from the van.
Do I have to remind you that time is money? We'll have to work faster if we want to earn enough to go out tonight, so stop messing about!
It was quite a while before Danny got over the death of his wife and pulled himself together. He's going to the pub again, and that's a good sign.
His plans always sound great in theory, but they don't always work in practice.
Don't worry about the heavy traffic. Just take it easy and listen to the radio or read your book.
I heard you lost your job, but so what? You'll get another one soon, I'm sure.
We can't go to a fancy restaurant because my best clothes are all in the wash. They won't be dry until tomorrow.
I have to admit that you were in the right when you warned me about Richard. He has a criminal record.
I've never liked Martin, but please don't get me wrong. I wouldn't do anything to hurt him.
The new model is nothing out of the ordinary. It looks like most other modern cars in this price range.
I've been working there for a month but it feels like donkey's years. The work is boring and time goes very slowly.
Susan hates people taking the mickey out of her when she does her facial exercises, but she does look funny.
You have no choice but to keep your word if you promised to help Ken tomorrow. You cannot change your mind.
I was dog-tired when I went to bed and fell asleep as soon as my head touched the pillow.
I gave you the money so you could make ends meet until you find work.You should have paid your bills with it and not wasted it all on having fun with your friends.
The shoes cost me an arm and a leg. My wife isn't happy that I spent so much on just one pair.
The black look that Mary gave me when I entered the conference room clearly showed she wasn't happy with my report.
She pretends to be cool about her divorce but never speaks about it in public. Only close friends know her true feelings.
Watch your step! I've just mopped the floor and it's still slippery.
I promised to lend Frank some money and I can't go back on my word. He needs it to get his car repaired and would be so disappointed if I did.
I'll be happy to spend a few months on the dole when this job ends. I can use the time to get things done around the house.
I had a stab at rock climbing when I was on holiday, but it's not for me. I haven't got a head for heights.
That's the last time I'm inviting you to any of my parties. Get lost, and never come back!
I was kneeling down for too long and got pins and needles in both legs. It's a really strange feeling.
My brother is buying drinks in the pub. He is in high spirits after passing his driving test at the first attempt.
Janet has taken it into her head to drop out of university and travel the world. Her parents are trying to get her to think again.
We have to get this straight. I'm the boss and you work for me, so stop interfering with the running of the business.
What are you so hot and bothered about? I think you need to sit down and relax for a while, and then tell me all about it.
I had butterflies in my stomach when I was opening this letter from Alec. I was nervous because I thought he wanted to finish with me, but he wrote that he still loved me.
He's a brilliant reporter who has a good nose for interesting stories. He's often on the front page of the evening paper.
I'm trying to get Ron to see a dentist, but he's as stubborn as a mule and nothing I say will make him go.
You'll marry my daughter over my dead body! She deserves someone better than you!
It's only once in a blue moon that I go fishing these days, but I used to go every weekend.
This club has gone to the dogs. I remember when only nice people came here.
Your new bike must have cost a bomb! How did you get such a large amount of money?
Ted has been feeling off colour since yesterday so I've booked him in with the doctor.
Have you got a frog in your throat? I can't understand what you're saying.
Stop telling people how successful you are! Nobody likes a big-head.
You're talking rubbish! You haven't any evidence that Janice is seeing another guy.
You really dropped a brick with your negative comments about Clive. His father was in the room and clearly embarrassed.
I want you to keep this quiet until I have evidence, so don't tell anyone about my suspicions.
I couldn't make heads or tails of Victor's explanation. I'll have to go online to figure it out.
After ignoring me for weeks, Roger was all ears when he heard I'd inherited such a lot of money.
I'm afraid I don't have green fingers. Everything I plant usually dies within a couple of weeks no mater what I do.
I smell a rat here. There's something that makes me very suspicious of his motives, but I don't know what it is exactly.
You'll do time if the police find out you've been lying to them. Tell the truth if you don't want to risk going to prison.
I'm going to have an early night tonight because I'm really tired. I can't stay up until midnight as I usually do.
I had it hammered into me that I should be respectful to elderly people. My parents never missed an opportunity to tell me that.
You're still young at heart, Nigel. Many people of your age are much too serious about everything, but you still laugh at life.
I think you have something to get off your chest. You'll feel better if you tell me what the problem is.
Jane is anxious about losing face if she fails her driving test. I told her not to worry about what other people think of her.
I welcome the proposal with open arms. I'm sure I'll be proved right in my optimistic assessment.
You've been in a rut since you retired. You need to start doing things that give you enjoyment and satisfaction.
Please don't cut me short again. Let me finish what I want to say without further interruption.
I take issue with people who think they are better than others because they come from wealthy families. They are wrong to feel that way.
Dennis spent most of the evening staring into space, but pricked up his ears when somebody started talking about football. He a total fanatic, we discovered.
Some things are too good to be true, but Colin really does have an interview with the leading advertising company in the UK.
I make it a rule to go jogging at least once a day, but I broke it yesterday because I had knee pain.
I can't remember the name of the place where Jenny lives; it's a tiny village way off the map.
Mary prefers to keep herself to herself. She's never been comfortable in social situations.
I want to travel a lot before I put down roots and hopefully get married.
I'm broke because I've paid all my bills. I'll stay broke until I get paid next week.
You're taking your life in your hands every time you ride that old bike. Stay off it until it's been repaired properly or you might have a nasty accident.
Don't pull faces like that if you don't like the food. It's bad manners.
Jeff made a scene at the party yesterday. He started shouting and pushing people out of his way.
I remind you that you are under oath to tell the truth. Lying under oath can have serious consequencies.
Danny was a bundle of nerves before the race. He couldn't sit still and could hardly speak.
Swearing like a sailor is not allowed in my bar! Customers are asked to speak politely at all times.
That phone call disturbed me and I've lost my train of thought. I can't remember what I was just going to do.
I'm scared to death of meeting Jim after all these years. He hit me the last time we met and we haven't spoken since.
Are you eating in or would you like your burgers to go? We have a couple of free tables.
I've been as sick as a dog since I got up. I think those burgers we had yesterday evening weren't fresh and have upset my stomach.
John was almost ninety when he bit the dust. His funeral was a very sad occasion.
You shouldn't be so curious about what these guys do for a living. I'm sure you've heard that curiosity killed the cat, so keep your nose out of their business.
I found out what Tom's Achilles heel is. He never comes camping with us because he's afraid of snakes.
I was stark naked when I came out of the sea. I lost my swimming shorts during a deep dive.
I fear that my husband is at death's door. The doctors say he might not last the night.
I'm sure the weather's going to change to cold and wet. I can feel it in my bones.
As a reporter, I have to read between the lines. The real meaning is often hidden or disguised.
Rise and shine! You can't stay in bed on Sunday morning when the sun is shining, so get up and come down for breakfast.
If somebody is bothering you, you have the right to tell them to get out of your face and leave you in peace.
How he really felt was written all over his face. It was plain to see that he was very upset.
The bike I bought from your website is a far cry from the one shown in the advertisement. Even the colours are different.
Mrs Green is as poor as a church mouse these days. She can hardly afford to eat.
It's now or never! We'll never get another chance to ask for his autograph.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry when Frank fell in the river. It was so funny, even though it could have been dangerous.
I've tried hard to kick the habit but I'm still smoking about ten cigarettes a day.
It was actually a relief to come back down to earth after being in the same room as my favourite actor. I was so excited that I could barely speak.
If my memory serves me correctly, I was here with Amy about twenty years ago. I not quite sure, though.
Let's give all the contestants a big hand! They all deserve your applause.
The article is a pack of lies. There's not a single sentence that's in any way factual.
Heavy rain fell for three days in a row and ruined our long weekend.
We never raise our hands to our children. We believe that physical punishment is wrong.
Granny looked hale and hearty yesterday. She was very pale a month ago when she had the 'flu.
Our local pub has a happy hour between five and six and you can get two pints for the price of one.
I refuse to play second fiddle to someone with less experience than me. I'll quit if they don't put me in charge of the project.
I see you've taken great pains to prepare for the party. Your attention to detail is amazing.
I wanted to have a word with Mike about this, but he's been too busy to sit down and talk.
I hear that your report displeased the boss. You'll save face if you accept his comments and offer to do it again.
Don't spend too much on my birthday present. I'll be happy with a little something I can use in the kitchen.
It's a dog's life working here. I get no respect or thanks no matter how hard I work.
I hope I live to a grand old age like my father did. He was still active and happy at ninety-five.
Don't be fooled by his soft voice. He's as hard as nails and feared by guys twice his size.
I missed the last bus but managed to thumb a lift from a lorry driver. He told me he often picked up hitchhikers.
I heard that Ken did a number on Pete. He's sold the concert tickets that Pete bought for the two of them.
Wild horses wouldn't drag me away from Italy now. I like it so much that I'm going to settle here.
My dad had a face like thunder when he caught me smoking. He was so angry that he frightened me.
We need someone who has both feet on the ground. My last secretary was a dreamer with a head full of clouds.
Police fear that several wooden boxes of guns lost from a ship may fall into the wrong hands and be sold to criminals.
The most recent scandal is still on everybody's lips. Everyone I meet is talking about it.
Simon is obviously head over heels in love with Julia. He talks about her all the time and sees her almost every day.
I didn't expect John to show his face. Why has he come to the party when he hasn't spoken to Desmond for months?
I missed the boat on some bargains at the auction because I left my wallet at home and couldn't pay for anything.
Dorothy called to say she's having the time of her life in Brazil. She says she's never enjoyed a holiday so much.
Please speak more loudly. I'm still as deaf as a post because of an ear infection.
Don't let the boss treat you like dirt. Tell him you deserve some respect and appreciation.
I need a day in bed. I've been burning the midnight oil to get a project finish but I have to stop staying up all night.
You'll have to get down on all fours to find that screw. It's really small, so you'll need your nose close to the floor to see it.
I feel as fresh as a daisy after that early night. It's nice not to feel tired in the morning.
Remember to shave and change into a clean shirt before the interview. You have to put your best foot forward and make a good impression.
I respect Mr Wilson as he's a brilliant teacher who knows his subject from A to Z.
I'm tired of all this stress. I wanted a free and easy lifestyle when I left school.
He said something under his breath so I wasn't able to understand what he said. It was probably something rude about me.
This report brings to light some unexpected issues which we would never have known without it.
You've made a mess of altering your dress. Let me help you to get it right.
It's true that Dave can be aggressive when he speaks, but he wouldn't hurt a fly. I've never known him to hit anyone no matter how angry he is.
Don't drink too much beer at the stag party. You have to be fresh for the wedding the next day.
I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't been there. Nigel threw a brick through her window before my very eyes.
He's not the type to turn his back on you when you have a problem. You can be sure he'll do all he can to help you.
I'm getting too old to do this job well. It's time for me to hang up my spurs and find less stressful work.
Jim's the man for this job. He has a lot of experience and knows all the ins and outs of cooling systems.
Are you sure you can make this fly right now? I think you'll have to do a lot more work before your invention is ready for production.
The restaurant we're going to has food to die for, but it isn't cheap.
We'll have the run of the house when my parents go on holiday. We'll be able to do whatever we want.
If he turns up at the party, just give him the cold shoulder. You don't have to engage with people you don't like.
It wasn't fair that Dennis was given the cold shoulder. They shouldn't have ignored him.
When times are hard, one should keep a stiff upper lip. Pretend that everything's fine so nobody knows that you're struggling in life.
I'll take a rain check on your offer to go for a meal. I'm extremely busy at the moment, but I'll call you when I have time.
Be careful what you say here. The walls have ears. Somebody might hear what you're saying.
I was so stupid to buy a pig in a poke! I should have checked it before I handed over the money. It's rubbish!
I reckon you'll have to eat humble pie after being so rude to him. Apologize and promise never to do it again.
You shouldn't be a dog in the manger! If you don't need your bike today, let Pamela borrow it! You've got nothing to lose.
I'm afraid Ron can't cut the mustard yet. He's simply not ready for a place in the first team.
Say something! What's wrong with you? Has the cat got your tongue?
Reginald has always carried a torch for his neighbour. He never hesitates to tell people how fine she is.
I lost my job for no good reason, and, to add insult to injury, the social security people wouldn't give me unemployment benefit.
I've racked my brains out all night, but I still can't figure out what went wrong with the test.
Believe me, the writing is on the wall. All the signs are that he'll be out of this job by the end of the week.
He did the full monty. We had everything. A delicious starter, a wonderful main course and a fabulous desert. It was a great meal.
You'll be for the high jump if the boss hears about what you did. You'll probably get the sack.
Just thinking about her cakes makes my mouth water. They're absolutely delicious, and I crave one right now!
I put my foot in it yesterday. I told the boss I was pleased to meet his mother, but she was his wife.
There's no need to have a bee in your bonnet about this. Everything's under control and you don't have to worry about it, so just calm down.
You can't live in this flat with three children. There's not enough room to swing a cat. You need to find somewhere bigger.
John seems to be at the end of his tether. All the criticism about his work is making him extremely anxious, and I expect him to resign soon.
It's game over! I won't hear another word on the subject!
Getting this job would be a feather in your cap. The competition is fierce and success would be remembered for a long time to come.
The nail in Alan's coffin was when the manager told the newspapers that he'd lost confidence in his ability to perform under pressure. Alan quit soon after.
As a rule of thumb, add water to the paint until it pours like yoghurt if you're painting over a similar colour. If not, use less water.
The band will drop you like a hot potato if they find out you're doing drugs. You won't get a second chance.
Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater! Think twice before you give up your job on a point of principle, however valid.
I'll be glad to see the back of Bob when he leaves at the end of the month. He was nothing but trouble for all of us, including the boss.
Why is the boss screaming blue murder? It's the first time that Tim has ever been late for work, and he doesn't deserve such an angry reaction.
I hope this teaches you a lesson. In future, you might think more carefully before shouting at a professional boxer. How's your nose?
If Dan starts talking about his divorce, just button your lip. There's nothing you could say that wouldn't upset him further.
We'll need about six yards of carpet, give or take a few inches.
I was lost for words when Tom started shouting at his children. I thought he was such a calm guy.
I managed to bite my tongue and stayed out of trouble. If I'd said something, the boss would have started blaming me too.
I really wanted to tell Cyril what I thought about his bad manners, but I held my tongue. Perhaps I should have spoken truthfully.
I haven't been on speaking terms with Richard for years. We never talk to each other even when we're at a party.
Of all the books I've read this year, this one is the cream of the crop. None were anywhere near as good as this.
I expect his new business will crash and burn. All his others have failed to survive for long.
Letting Greg help you with the car is a recipe for disaster. He has no experience and will probably do something wrong.
The tickets for the free concert will be handed out on a first come, first served basis. It isn't possible to book seats.
We have quite a few problems with the washing machine. For starters, it isn't possible to open the door to put the clothes in.
He's been complaining from the word go. He'd only been here a minute before he started saying that our machines were too old.
I was just kidding. Joking aside, we really need to get these problems sorted out.
It's time you put your cards on the table and told us what you really want us to do.
The shop is still open but let's face it, we're taking less money each week as time goes by. We need to do something, and quickly.
This is a really good biography and it told me everything about the singer, warts and all. I expected to read only about his good side.
I find it hard to believe, but I'll take your word for it. I hope I won't regret my faith in you.
There's no evidence, so I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and take no action against you.
I told him in so many words that he should reconsider his position with the company. It had to be said, after all the trouble he's caused.
If you look over there out of the corner of your eye, you'll see David talking to Phyllis. Be careful they don't see you watching them.
I'd like you to keep tabs on the new guy for a day or two. Make sure he's doing his job properly.
I'll make no bones about it, I've never liked doing business with this company. Sometimes, one has to speak honestly.
You must tell us what you think. Just nail your colours to the mast and stop being so evasive.
The doctor says my husband is on the mend after his accident. He should be able to get back to work soon.
I've been on the move all day. I've forgotten what it's like to sit down.
I feel like a new man after a week at that health resort I told you about. I've never felt better, in fact.
Okay, it's a date. We next meet on August 12th. I look forward to seeing you again.
The fire investigators are on the case as we speak. I wonder if they'll find out how the fire started.
You've no right to jump down my throat like that! Can't you discuss this calmly and without shouting?
I tried to discuss the matter with Mr Wilkins, but I couldn't get a word in edgeways. He wouldn't stop talking even for a second.
It was awful of John to throw Helen's concern back in her face and tell her she was just being nosey.
You've changed your tune! You've criticized Ella for years, but suddenly you act as though she can do no wrong.
You were slow off the mark in applying for that promotion. Ted got it before you'd filled in the form.
It seems like Derek has it in for you. He's saying terrible things about what you did in France.
I drank a lot of whisky yesterday, for no particular reason. I wanted to be drunk, just for the heck of it.
Many people are falling prey to internet hackers these days. Some have lost thousands of pounds.
You'd never used that machine before but did a great job. You must have been flying by the seat of your pants.
Keep your ear to the ground and tell me as soon as you learn something new about the company's investments.
It's easy now for you to say I should have acted differently. Hindsight is always 20-20.
I gave Colin neither help nor advice. He did it all off his own bat.
This morning's lecture was as dull as ditchwater and I almost fell asleep from boredom. Surely a professor is obliged to present topics in an interesting way.
So, I hear Rupert has left you? Well, good riddance, I say, because he gave you nothing but trouble.
David has mixed feelings about working abroad. He likes the idea but is worried about being homesick.
Someone needs to pluck up courage and tell the boss how you feel about his angry outbursts.
Life has taught me always to save some money for a rainy day. You never know when you'll really need it.
My sweet tooth is making me fat! I'm eating way too much cake and chocolate and need to cut down.
And, last but not least, I'd like to thank my parents for all the support they've given me over the years.
You'll muddy the waters if you give them all this information now. Keep your initial explanation simple and tell them more as you proceed.
Elderly people who walk after dark in dimly lit streets are sitting ducks for pickpockets and street thieves.
I'm sick of working for peanuts! You should pay me a reasonable wage that reflects my experience.
The cupboard is bare right now. I can't take you for that meal I promised you until I get paid.
I caught my son chasing the dragon! He was burning heroin on aluminium foil and sucking the smoke up through a small tube.
John expects to hit the jackpot with his new business venture. He's certain he'll make a lot of money quickly.
I don't like gallows humour. There's nothing funny about tragedy.
The gold rush towards ever-better technology is making a lot of people very rich.
James has been down in the dumps since he lost his job. What can we do to cheer him up?
I couldn't keep a straight face when the boss lectured us about punctuality. He's always ten or fifteen minutes late to the office.
No way! Next time I'll talk to her is when hell freezes over!
I hear you made a pretty penny at the casino last week. How much did you win?
He plays ducks and drakes with his money, wasting it on stuff he doesn't need.
This newspaper is happy to sling mud at anyone in public life if the editor thinks that sales will rise as a result.
Time, please! The bar's closed and the staff would like to go home.
I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your help.
Let's hope his recent success wasn't a flash in the pan and that he goes on to even greater achievement.
Joe didn't get the sack. He left of his own accord to take a better job.
We didn't stand a chance with three of our best players missing. We lost by four goals.
Gregory has an eye for the main chance and rarely misses a good opportunity to make some money.
I'd be grateful if you'd mind your own business and stop asking me so many personal questions.
The team needs someone who is in the know on these matters. Peter has a lot of experience in investment property.
Construction of the new road has been going on in fits and starts for three years. Why does the work stop so often, sometimes for several weeks?
I had the unpleasant duty of breaking the news of John's death to his wife.
I had my heart in my mouth as I watched the climbers approach the top of the cliff. The tension made it difficult for me to breathe.
Don't let this problem make you lose heart. You can find the determination to carry on.
Ellen can be quite demanding, but her heart is in the right place. She wants the best for everyone.
Jake has landed on his feet after losing his job. He's got a new position with a company car provided.
I won't tell anyone you love Henrietta. My lips are sealed, I promise.
Expect the boss to bite your head off if he finds out what you've done. He gets really angry when people lie to him.
The beer was so cheap that we could drink to our heart's content every day. It was a great holiday and we were permanently drunk.
He lives life as though he had one foot in the grave, but his doctors say he's very healthy for his age. He's probably just lonely.
Len's story proves that every cloud has a silver lining. He's had two books published since his business went bust because he finally had time to concentrate on his writing.
We were ready to sign the contract when Bill got cold feet and decided to pull out of the deal.
Sam got a golden handshake that will allow him to live well in retirement. It was a large amount because he'd been with the company for forty years.
When I said it was a battle to the death, it was just a figure of speech. I simply meant that we should expect serious competition from the other retailers.
My father is an early bird and is always up before daybreak.
They say I'm the black sheep of the family because, unlike my three brothers, I didn't go to university and spent years in dead-end jobs.
Mark was green with envy when he saw my new car. He's always wanted the same model but never had the money to buy one.
I love to read the agony columns in teenage magazines. Their problems are sometimes weird beyond belief.
A white lie might be fine in this situation. Robert is really upset, and the truth would hurt him even more.
I saw red when I discovered my girlfriend was seeing another guy. I felt like punching him in the head.
I'm planning to visit the Big Apple this year. It's always been my dream to go to New York.
The main suspect claims he's been framed by a private detective who has lied to the police to get him convicted.
Excuse my French, but I must say that Phillip is a real dick.
I know a greasy spoon not far away that serves the best full-English breakfast I've ever had. It isn't pretty but it's really cheap.
Tom and Jerry get on like a house on fire. They've been friends for years.
I was shocked to find out that Ben has been playing truant for months. His headmaster says he misses several lessons each week.
Please make yourself at home while I make coffee. I'll be with you in a few minutes.
There's no need to get hot under the collar. Just calm down and I'll explain what happened.
I was lucky this morning. A policeman saw me park on double yellow lines, but he turned a blind eye.
With your experience, you should have got the job instead of Jack. He's a babe in the woods compared to you.
This should take us about three hours, but that's just a shot in the dark. It's hard to be certain how long we'll be here.
Don't add fuel to the fire by talking about this now. Wait until everyone has calmed down.
Don't be a couch potato! Get off the sofa and come for a walk with us!
Which is the strongest painkiller I can buy over the counter? I don't have time to see my doctor and get a prescription.
She's trying to please everyone so much that you feel she could kill you with kindness.
Joe's on the crest of a wave at the moment. His business is doing well and he's just got engaged to Helen.
I spent all morning running errands, so I have to rest before we go for lunch.
You really must toe the line! You can't work here unless you follow company policy.
Sometimes it's best to play it by ear rather than have everything planned in advance.
Phil is really into this band. He has all their albums and hasn't yet missed a concert.
I always make myself scarce when the sales manager is in a bad mood. I once hid in the washroom for an hour.
I suspect that Edward is in the pay of our main competitor. How else could they have got this information?
Missing out on a promotion was a slap in the face for Tom after his years of loyalty and hard work.
It's normal that children call each other names when they're upset, but what your son said to my daughter is unacceptable.
You'll put on weight if you keep eating so much cake, but it's your funeral.
We'd better leg it before somebody sees us. They might think that we broke the window.
You should't believe everything you hear on the grapevine. A lot of it is meaningless gossip.
It will serve you right if she never speaks to you again. You were extremely rude to her and deserve her condemnation.
My plans for the weekend have gone up in smoke. My boss just phoned to ask me to cover for a sick colleague.
You want to borrow more money before you've paid me what you owe? Get stuffed! You must think I'm stupid.
We need to bury the hatchet and discuss this calmly. We'll get nowhere by shouting at each other.
It took Mary a long time to pick up the pieces after her divorce, but she's doing well these days.
The police have threatened to throw the book at me if I don't cooperate. They say I could end up in prison.
He thinks he's a failure so he drinks. The more he drinks, the more he fails. It's a vicious circle.
Don't rush to make a decision. Take your time and make sure it's the right one for you.
Why do you always insist on having the last word? Other people's opinions should be considered fairly.
Remember to take his age into account when deciding what kind of work to give him.
I'm the blue-eyed boy in the eyes of my boss. For him, I can do no wrong.
Take a few days off if you feel unwell and rest until you are back in the pink.
We always go to the seaside at Easter. Can we go somewhere else for a change?
I don't like heavy metal music. It's not my scene so I never listen to it.
I fell for Maria as soon as I saw her and still love her madly.
I'm just killing time at the moment until I get my exam results, then I'll be busy looking for a job.
Mr Brown has a heart of gold and often helps elderly people in the area where he lives.
Hands off those chocolates! They're my birthday present from Peter and I'm not opening them until later.
In a word, I'm bored. Is that simple enough for you to understand?
Mick has bought a house a stone's throw from the sea. His garden path leads to the edge of the cliffs.
Time's up! Stop writing and hand in your papers to Mr Robinson. I hope the test wasn't too difficult.